README.md, before:

# Mygenta

Magenta is the core platform that powers the Fuchsia OS.  Magenta is
composed of a microkernel (source in kernel/...) as well as a small
set of userspace services, drivers, and libraries (source in system/...)
necessary for the system to boot, talk to hardware, load userspace
processes and run them, etc.  Fuchsia builds a much larger OS on top
of this foundation.

The canonical Magenta Git repository is located
at: https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/magenta

A read-only mirror of the code is present
at: https://github.com/fuchsia-mirror/magenta

The Magenta Kernel provides syscalls to manage processes, threads,
virtual memory, inter-process communication, waiting on object state
changes, and locking (via futexes).

Currently there are some temporary syscalls that have been used for early
bringup work, which will be going away in the future as the long term
syscall API/ABI surface is finalized.  The expectation is that there will
be 10s, not 100s of syscalls.

Magenta syscalls are generally non-blocking.  The wait (one, many, set)
family of syscalls, ioport reads, and thread sleep being the notable
exceptions.

This page is a non-comprehensive index of the magenta documentation.

+ [Getting Started](docs/getting_started.md)
+ [Contributing Patches](docs/contributing.md)
+ [Testing](docs/testing.md)
+ [Hacking notes](docs/hacking.md)
+ [Memory usage analysis tools](docs/memory.md)
+ [Relationship with LK](docs/mg_and_lk.md)
+ [Kernel Objects](docs/kernel_objects.md)
+ [Process Objects](docs/objects/process.md)
+ [Thread Objects](docs/objects/thread.md)
+ [Handles](docs/handles.md)
+ [System Calls](docs/syscalls.md)

Commit message:

Readme: replace all magenta to mygenta
This is MY genta

Signed-off-by: Matheus Castello <matheus@castello.eng.br>

README.md, after:

# Mygenta

mygenta is the core platform that powers the Fuchsia OS.  mygenta is
composed of a microkernel (source in kernel/...) as well as a small
set of userspace services, drivers, and libraries (source in system/...)
necessary for the system to boot, talk to hardware, load userspace
processes and run them, etc.  Fuchsia builds a much larger OS on top
of this foundation.

The canonical mygenta Git repository is located
at: https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/magenta

A read-only mirror of the code is present
at: https://github.com/fuchsia-mirror/magenta

The mygenta Kernel provides syscalls to manage processes, threads,
virtual memory, inter-process communication, waiting on object state
changes, and locking (via futexes).

Currently there are some temporary syscalls that have been used for early
bringup work, which will be going away in the future as the long term
syscall API/ABI surface is finalized.  The expectation is that there will
be 10s, not 100s of syscalls.

mygenta syscalls are generally non-blocking.  The wait (one, many, set)
family of syscalls, ioport reads, and thread sleep being the notable
exceptions.

This page is a non-comprehensive index of the mygenta documentation.

+ [Getting Started](docs/getting_started.md)
+ [Contributing Patches](docs/contributing.md)
+ [Testing](docs/testing.md)
+ [Hacking notes](docs/hacking.md)
+ [Memory usage analysis tools](docs/memory.md)
+ [Relationship with LK](docs/mg_and_lk.md)
+ [Kernel Objects](docs/kernel_objects.md)
+ [Process Objects](docs/objects/process.md)
+ [Thread Objects](docs/objects/thread.md)
+ [Handles](docs/handles.md)
+ [System Calls](docs/syscalls.md)
